README.md, before:

OSGeo4A
==========

This provides a set of scripts to build opensource geo tools for android.

This is *Experimental*

Build instructions
-----------

Create a file config.conf in the root folder with the following content

```sh
export ANDROIDSDK="/path/to/android-sdk"
export ANDROIDNDK="/path/to/android-sdk"
export ANDROIDNDKVER=r10d
export ANDROIDAPI=14
export ARCH="armeabi-v7a"
#export ARCH="x86"
export QTSDK="/path/to/qt/sdk/Qt5.4.0/5.4"

# To use local sourcecode instead of the configured URL:
# export O4A_[module]_DIR=/usr/src/mymodulesource

# By default all cores will be used to build
# Use this option to override
# export CORES=4
```

Call
```sh
./distribute.sh -dqgis -mqgis
```

Options
-----------

<dl>
 <dt>-l</dt> <dd>List available modules</dd>
 <dt>-m</dt> <dd>Specifies the list of modules to build</dd>
 <dt>-a</dt> <dd>Layout to build</dd>
 <dt>-s</dt> <dd>Run a bash in an ARM cross compile environment</dd>
 <dt>-d</dt> <dd>Distribution to build</dd>
 <dt>-f</dt> <dd>Do a clean build</dd>
 <dt>-h</dt> <dd>Help</dd>
</dl>

Commit message:

Recipe to build qgis core library only (+few providers)
Useful for mobile apps not requiring any for gui stuff (QtWidget-based)

README.md, after:

OSGeo4A
==========

This provides a set of scripts to build opensource geo tools for android.

This is *Experimental*

Build instructions
-----------

Create a file config.conf in the root folder with the following content

```sh
export ANDROIDSDK="/path/to/android-sdk"
export ANDROIDNDK="/path/to/android-sdk"
export ANDROIDNDKVER=r10d
export ANDROIDAPI=14
export ARCH="armeabi-v7a"
#export ARCH="x86"
export QTSDK="/path/to/qt/sdk/Qt5.4.0/5.4"

# To use local sourcecode instead of the configured URL:
# export O4A_[module]_DIR=/usr/src/mymodulesource

# By default all cores will be used to build
# Use this option to override
# export CORES=4
```

Call
```sh
./distribute.sh -m qgis_core
```

It is possible to provide a local source directory instead of a remote one:

```sh
O4A_qgis_core_DIR=~/qgis/git-master ./distribute.sh -m qgis_core
```

Options
-----------

<dl>
 <dt>-l</dt> <dd>List available modules</dd>
 <dt>-m</dt> <dd>Specifies the list of modules to build</dd>
 <dt>-a</dt> <dd>Layout to build</dd>
 <dt>-s</dt> <dd>Run a bash in an ARM cross compile environment</dd>
 <dt>-d</dt> <dd>Distribution to build</dd>
 <dt>-f</dt> <dd>Do a clean build</dd>
 <dt>-h</dt> <dd>Help</dd>
</dl>
